Let's go and let's have three people Mike again Wood
It is I would like to hear the enthusiasm from everyone
At first I am in charge of all night Nippon gold from 10 pm on Thursday
Feeling when talk was carried out from town Minko of Kubo Mitsurou's
And please tell us about your enthusiasm
Also
Japan is a cartoonist Kubo Mitsurou
Tan had
When I was told by Nippon Broadcasting-san that I would not do it again, I often called out again
I think it sounds like you would like to talk to him before, but once it was over last year
There were a lot of things like this kind of feeling there, but we guys
I have always been compared to Japanese as a former boyfriend, yes
1 year v The number that he said he was going to get involved was a complicated feeling
The baby to say or not it is said that looking at the farewell Well is there another little surely also soon
Can you imagine there?
We have not entered each other's office when there was an offer, so we have no office
That was the cut is weaker
It's Urinari 瓜
I do not even what variety is growing Toka back and entered the operation once the other party in the sale is Uri
The suggestion that I can only do to sell it is easy for me
That all means were sold Nante I think we should I cut the neck at any time but it is But already this time
Instead unchanged with us unchanged last sanity
Same law
I would like to air was already called
Because I have chosen here is that Tteyuu'll go out to like
I see a teapot
Somehow the time zone is so good each two times have zero time
And there was a late night time but this time say from 10 o'clock
By Yes of a little early half
What should have been said lightly that the jokes softening I guess what went to refrain from some
The petition was said to Hiyama
Yes, I'm not going to was telling us such separately
But quite the medium Well, I'm from the old days and I thought that radio of prime time
Also how he will listen to before going to sleep better hear from that this's time zone
Turn off the television
Time to listen and study when you are prepared before going to bed
Unlike midnight I think also be nice If you Could hear new mouth to the people
I want to accelerate new customers, so I 'm going to go, yet I am relaxed from Nippon Broadcasting side
It seems that the lower news item is said not to care so much even if it is said to be light
Drone
Let's speak to the Well it safely make sure that the I mean if okay jokes of up to
I think
To the extent that not to apply the face of a board this past twice already firmly
Considerably everywhere sides of detection it is not alive as a lesson is or than those of hard other Tsun
I will go out
I see, thank you very much and thank you very much Sir and
Part of friday
Mr. Kenjiro Yamashita of the All Moon Japan in charge of the third generation j soul brothers
Yes Please give me your feelings and enthusiasm when the story comes third generation j soul
It is Eiji Yamashita of brothers performer
In this way let me serve as the all night Nippon personality with that history
Thank you very much for being able to receive you and the feeling of that individual's joy
It is full of
I
I think that I want to do my best so that I can do my best relationship so that I can not break my head
I hear that while being asked variously to the senior Mrs.
To overflowing really Variety
I think if I could do the program I will do my best
If I see something in a project book, I'm already the third generation j soul who is now in a blaze
250 seniors also read in more and more reading great roots members of brothers
It is written that the source is going to be a gorgeous night, but how is it today ?
Well a big group called exile tribe
9 and to that really ldh call a lot of guest
Part of the I say this is masu Toka or was our activity, you'll know more
I wonder Toka that way in a variety or was
We think that we are shy that you can dig deeper and know us
What kind of image did you have about radio? I was that student
study
After Toka or heard that is is that his usually Toka listen pretty music Toka in the car ineffective in
No genre is also a good putt and it is the study of No. various music at the timing to say
Has become a real strong is in or a Nde are of sensibility
That it's a pretty talkative person when the private to hear the good people of talk also with it
That a love talking your many people such do I do that quite
Well feel like a mood maker even among the third generation j soul brothers
I'm working hard at that, I want to ask Mr. Yamashita, but this
Well I want to select various members and I also want to hear the story
But that
Dry material
After all private talk of the member is quite that
For example
Even if there is a little no in TV program or concert, it is Otsu book thing
I don't think there is much I can hear, but I'm getting more and more like that.
It looks like
That's right
Members are really together often
Well this even though I'm mesh also share the 5 hours to eat together
A little way maybe it but I know
I don't know the listeners, so I thought it would be nice if I could convey that well
It is a part but it is a private part
It is a chance that you have a taste like this recently, or you know the individual a little
Because I think
Sano we thought that would like to hear firm that recently a little of Erie Mr.
That I was There are many something even talk of love this even talk like say bedding
Let's take a look on the radio, so let's get Rutena
Man 's Love Bananka
Well Well that
I do I kind of talk can also be well or than it Well firm
Thinking fan's eyes firmly
Since doing the artist as servants performer would do such and its music launch
Or say whether Well palette began to you but as much as possible resale Mr. say is
I want to talk to you to know the individual well Yes
But if you can do it, for example, it would be light in a weekly magazine etc.
It is to say that I want you to
Or are you trying to directly article come easy trying to'm not radio a great deal
Cormorant be nice Once you get used to
There is no opportunity but it is quite easy
So there you'll I tired after the pastor as a request
I'm happy with just a little smell
I will keep the song in mind